Add Bfloat16 High Level API, Documentation (#245)
NVIDIA/numba-cuda: docs/source/reference/types.rst

    v1 = float32x2(1.0, 1.0)
    v2 = float32x2(1.0, -1.0)
    dotprod = v1.x * v2.x + v1.y * v2.y

Narrow Data Types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bfloat16
--------

.. note::

    Bfloat16 is only supported with CUDA version 12.0+, and only supported on

>     device compute capability with 8.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    devices with compute capability 8.0 or above.
```

> To determine whether Numba supports compiling code that uses the ``bfloat16``
> type in the current configuration, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine whether ``bfloat16`` is supported in the current configuration,
use:
```

.. function:: numba.cuda.is_bfloat16_supported()

>     Returns ``True`` if current device supports bfloat16. ``False`` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns ``True`` if the current device and toolkit support bfloat16.
    ``False`` otherwise.
```

Data Movement and Casts
***********************

> Construction a single instance of bfloat16 object takes 1 API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Construction of a single instance of a ``bfloat16`` object:
```

.. function:: numba.cuda.bf16.bfloat16(a)

>     Constructs a bfloat16 data from existing device scalar. Supported scalar types:
>     - float64
>     - float32
>     - int64
>     - int32
>     - uint64
>     - uint32
>     On cuda version 12.0+ machines, supports construction from ``float16``

Reviewer: I think you need an extra space in rst before a nested bulleted list otherwise it renders as:

> Supported scalar types: - float64 - float32 - int64 - int32 - uint64 - uint32 On cuda version ...

We might also rename the parameter `scalar` and refer to it in the description, as well as marking the types as code. Since we only support CUDA 12 for blfoat16, I think we don't need to call it out explicitly:

```suggestion
    Constructs a ``bfloat16`` from existing device `scalar`. Supported scalar
    types:

    - ``float64``
    - ``float32``
    - ``float16``
    - ``int64``
    - ``int32``
    - ``uint64``
    - ``uint32``
```

Conversely, ``bfloat16`` data can be cast back to existing native data type via

> ``dtype(h)``, where ``dtype`` is one of the data types above (except float16),

Reviewer: Is it the case that you can't cast to a `float16` even on CUDA 12?

Author: No, you can convert bfloat16 into float16, the logic exists in cuda_fp16.h, not in cuda_bf16.h, which is why the functionality isn't implemented yet.

> and ``X`` is a bfloat16 object.

Reviewer: Should `X` be `h`?

Author: Yes.

> Arithmatics
> ************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arithmetic
**********
```

> A ``bfloat16`` data can be computed with another ``bfloat16`` data with many
> supported aritheatic operators. The list of supported operations:

Reviewer: I think the list includes unary and binary operations, so we should be general about how many operands there are:
```suggestion
Supported arithmetic operations on ``bfloat`16`` operands are:
```

> - Arithmatics (``+, -, *, /``)
> - Arithmatic assignment oeprators (``+=, -=, *=, /=``)
> - Logical operators (``==, !=, >, <, >=, <=``)
> - Unary arithmatics (``+, -``)

Reviewer: I think this renders a little more nicely if each operator is in its own code quotes:

```suggestion
- Arithmetic (``+``, ``-``, ``*``, ``/``)
- Arithmetic assignment operators (``+=``, ``-=``, ``*=``, ``/=``)
- Logical operators (``==``, ``!=``, ``>``, ``<``, ``>=``, ``<=``)
- Unary arithmetic (``+``, ``-``)
```

Math Intrinsics
***************

> 

Reviewer: In this section there's some inconsistency in argument naming - sometimes it's `h` and sometimes `a` - I imagine `h` might have been followed from a convention for `float16` docs somewhere (i.e. `h` for half). 

Would it be better to always use `a`, or perhaps `x` for a generic argument name, or `b` for a `bfloat16`?

Author: I think the inconsistency comes from my simple mimic of https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-math-api/cuda_math_api/group__CUDA__MATH____BFLOAT16__FUNCTIONS.html, which also has some of the inconsistencies.

I kinda like the idea of `b` for `bfloat16`, if that's ok with you, let's just adopt this name convention.

Author: Done [709ecf9](https://github.com/NVIDIA/numba-cuda/pull/245/commits/709ecf95757564cbab2dad8995fe9f08d06fd81b)

A number of math intrinsics that utilizes the device native computing feature
on ``bfloat16`` are provided:

.. function:: numba.cuda.bf16.htrunc(h)
    Round ``h`` to the nearest integer value that does not exceed ``h`` in magnitude.

.. function:: numba.cuda.bf16.hceil(h)
    Compute the smallest integer value not less than ``h``.

.. function:: numba.cuda.bf16.hfloor(h)
    Calculate the largest integer value which is less than or equal to ``h``.

.. function:: numba.cuda.bf16.hrint(h)
    Round ``h`` to the nearest integer value in nv_bfloat16 floating-point format,

>     with bfloat16way cases rounded to the nearest even integer value.

Reviewer: I think find / replace "half" -> "bfloat16" has caused some mischief here!

Author: ```suggestion
    with half way cases rounded to the nearest even integer value.
```
